Assignment 2
Tourism and Hospitality Management System

Background:
As an industry, Tourism, and Hospitality are important for the economic growth of the country. However, from a tourist’s point of view, planning out travel has always been a hassle and a time taking process. Through this project, we would like to build a Database Management System that would suffice all the challenges that a tourist faces in planning a trip and finding accommodation. The idea behind this project is to develop a database consisting of tourist attractions, hotels, restaurants, local transportation, tour guides, emergency services, etc. Additionally, we plan to implement a feature that lets users socialize with those who are planning their travel on the same date and location.

Ten non-trivial questions for the database.
1.	What impact has Covid-19 (March 2020 - Dec 2021) had on tourism and reservation?
2.	What are the different modes of inbound and outbound transportation available in a city for tourists? List out the top cities having good transportation facilities and also identify cities having more footfall but not having good transportation facilities.
3.	Which community (neighborhood) based on season, and footfall count is most attractive in a city or state for hotel or restaurant investors? 
4.	Calculate the hotel’s total revenue in the city and compare the statistics with the other cities in the state? 
5.	What are the top ideal places and time to visit by city and state (Tourist attractions and their timings, ex: Museum of Fine Arts (10 am – 5 pm))?
6.	Identify top unique trends (Ranking by Categories: Art & History, Nature, Wildlife, Spiritual, Entertainment, Sports) in the Tourism database based on the bookings and create versatile itineraries based on tourist preference? 
7.	Identify the top 10 arrivals (Ranking based on the sum of arrivals) by city and state of origin?
8.	Find the minimum and maximum ratings of the hotel, restaurants, and tourist attractions. With the obtained data provide suitable suggestions to the customer (Based on the budget, and reviews).
9.	Which state has the maximum number of hotels (accommodation and stays) in the USA having more than 1000 reviews?
10.	What are the top amusement parks in the USA? What proportion of the age group visits theme parks and amusement parks?
11.	Where do we see most arrivals, overnights, and occupancy (State and City)?

Team Members:
Names	NU ID
Naman Gupta	002729751
Dipika Mohanty	002770528
Rahul GR	002767096
